14 Bay Tree Road

Birmingham

B23 6TY

Ms Gill Cooper

OxiAID

Carstairs Street

London

W12 6YG 10 November 2010

Dear Ms Cooper

I wish to apply for the post of Fundraising Officer which I saw advertised on the Oxford 
University Careers Service website. I am in my final year at Oxford University, studying 
Mathematics. I have a long-standing interest in charity work and believe that I have 
the qualities and experience required to be a successful fundraiser.

My enthusiasm for pursuing a career in this area stems from my interest in working 
with disadvantaged young people, and my desire to make full use of my skills in motivating 
people to make a difference. OxiAID has established its credentials working in 
some of the most challenging areas of social aid and the government funding recently 
awarded to the organisation is recognition of the success of its philosophy. After my 
experiences with Jacari, I am attracted by the opportunity to help other young people 
and to develop my fundraising skills in such an environment.

Motivating people to work with me towards a common, worthwhile goal is something 
that I find hugely enjoyable and rewarding. As Marketing and Publicity Officer for the 
College Ball last year I was extremely pleased that we had more applicants for tickets 
than ever before. I believe that the marketing pack that I put together for potential 
sponsors played its part in attracting record levels of sponsorship. One of the most 
rewarding aspects of being at Oxford has been the work I have done with Jacari. During 
my time on the committee the number of volunteers involved in the project has 
increased by 50% and I have enjoyed both the challenge of raising the profile of the 
society and my work with young people themselves. One of the aspects of voluntary 
work that particularly appeals to me is the spirit of teamwork that often accompanies 
it. This spirit has also been apparent on the working holidays that I have been on with 
the National Trust and English Heritage.

I would welcome the opportunity to discuss my application with you and look forward 
to hearing from you.

Yours sincerely

Joseph Williams



